[Music] I feel really sorry because
someone has become a subscriber member
while we were putting on the intro
I say who so you can tell me the
name to give it a laugh
could you tell me the name to
thank you if someone had seen it
someone who was in tweets
someone has seen the name it was me well
thanks to wii not here not thank you very much
thank you very much and a hug today in
canceled
as always always cancellations they
have not canceled an ice cream brand
sneakers for an advertisement I'm going to see it I'm
going to see it to myself
to see why the hell they canceled that
trend all day no
[Music]
and
no no it
's dicker it causes controversy with an
advertisement
look and go down and go down were characters from
Aurum play and go down was a character from
Aurum play-off
vitamins well it's a very bad joke
but well it's [ __ ] it's not
basically his joke it's good the
word his daughter the no that he uses
around the world vitamin hugs I don't
know the things that he says no nothing
[Music]
that's the advertisement that's
the  ad that they have canceled but
the worst of all is that they will end up removing
the ad because this has been a trend
and then they will end up removing the
ad because they will fall into the
networks and into the
progressive dictatorship what's wrong with the
[ __ ] ad
take a nice cold horchata
churri is thanks to everything I don't know if you are
the podo the cartoonist but I send you a
huge hug if you are and if not also do
n't give more 2 bits because they haven't fallen for
the nickel advertising agency
spain the cars what do cars mean
[ __ ] I don't know the words carefully it does
n't do it what cars mean
someone can tell me what cars mean so
that word exists or if it is
used or something do you
want me a sweet let's see it says ice
cream it is the side it says screen below
the same brand
that with cars there is
no [ __ ] atmosphere
well this gentleman moved away with this gentleman
considers that the
ad should be canceled it has not been done to us thanks to
the word yet they
kill us they beat us up the
far right threatens the few rights we
have and they insult us but sneaker
finds it funny to do  a
homophobic ad and a soccer pen to sell
four chocolate bars I repeat myself but
few containers burn a pen
but where is the because it is homophobic and
lead fob or does a pen or phobia also exist
what the hell is this man
at what point in the universe have we fallen because
we were born in this stage of life the
smoke focus be homophobia because at the
moment that you are hiring a
person I don't know if they have already low I don't
know what orientation I don't know if they are gay
bisexual I don't know I don't know if they have
said it they will have talked about it on some
occasion but well in the case that they are
gay there is
no homophobia at the moment at the
moment that they are hiring we were
overwhelmed by phobia that would be phobia of
pens since I really don't understand it I
don't understand please pen or phobia why
plum or phobia I understand that I know it will be
like insulting people who have
pens if I'm not mistaken pens are
said when it is like that way or has not
finished the way of speaking but where
is the pen or phobia if they literally
put it in the ad as a joke as
a joke from him as something that is well-liked
but what do people have against
feathers totally credits
and nonsense progress the movement comes
from the logo of the advertisement not from the logo let's
see why for it let's see if there are
more explanations to the bar it doesn't convince me we're
not going is there someone who explains it what
is the feather phobia and why they hate
effeminate homosexuals who hates
effeminate homosexuals please
and why nobody can hate someone who does
n't hurt anyone if they hate someone it
's because they have done something whatever the condition is I
understand no if not it's that you are a
[ __ ] homophobe obviously but I don't
understand what it has to do with the
advertisement the feather or phobia to what
male homosexuals feel who
define themselves as you see masculine
and demand the same
but well one thing that demands the same
one thing would be the choices
that each one has in their tastes not
the attractions what attracts each
one but I
already arroyo moreno thank you very much a
huge hug and thank you very much for
becoming a member
how is it going to be lead phobic and such if
they are paying at the moment they
hire a person with these
characteristics these characteristics are
no longer homophobia no
no we are looking at it no I don't know what
his character is doing they persist
although the meaning of the term is
similar to homophobia the big
difference is that unlike the
first where the rejection comes from
the heterosexual community the feather or
phobia that male homosexuals feel
hello javi they have already
apologized and have removed the ad there is no longer
any video on the
sneakers youtube channel seriously I mean dude
we live look I said I said
surely they are going to end up removing the
ad and that is the statement on
instagram okay now I'm going to go to instagram
they have made an investment dude what it costs what it
must have cost them to make the
ad
the workers have done their job the
editor the actors and they had to
delete it because of the progressive [ __ ] it
is that by giving it that you give the power to the progressive
[ __ ] you give it the power to
go and they don't like anything else this dog is
removed they are outside and they force you like
a dictatorship these are just some of the
words  used to describe
ad definition target box
new online sneaker ad in which they
present frozen chocolate
as a kind of
conversion therapy for homosexuals the
images show or rather they have already
understood the ad as if drinking
water cures your gayness at
what point is the ad understood like that it was
rumored with vitamin
to the appointment
toms
similar
or rather that's what they have done that fits there
thank you very much and welcome to Isabel
Isabel a hug thank you very much
sweetheart they have understood that part
of the ad as if they give
the social media users a hard time
reacting quickly to this
poorly designed ad please you
have to do some mental gymnastics
really I understood it if you really
understand that the first time you see the
ad
and it's that bad things let's see
you
you just put yourselves in the
situation of the brand in the role of the
brand okay it's literally
literally you are the advertiser you
have the brand and you say let's make
an ad in which we give this side
to people so that they take their cool
you think you have thought of that in the
script not
what you have said go on here and shut up
a little while because he's a great character, here have
an ice cream and you better shut up yes better
better not listen to you I understand it like
that
then it would be
to see what he sends me air one two and there
but for me the worst thing is to pay attention to
you I mean are you really going to give power
to these shits like come on like if
this is to nagy
ah no no here they won't let us there it will be
a threesome the girls come out but the
snicker's ad in Latin America
take in arms kisses and caresses around
the world and yes I'm the cartoonist churri
you're at zero always fascinates stan
painter strength thanks I repeat hug
people will always look for evil
where there is none to create more evil and
start blaming others for their
own causes exactly to hide
their garbage under the rug you know
how he dies so that they give us back that
but literally I if he doesn't get tired I
see that ad on tv and it goes
unnoticed it doesn't occur to me that under
the evil
what's wrong with you Carlos de genes every time
you  they put that that's not what your
girlfriend thinks let's see Carlos like Tunisia or
kers better
better
in this when
sexist
don't [ __ ] with me exemplary sexist let's see
to get them out that's not what your
girlfriend thinks let's see Carlos commits a sneaker
this one is called Carlos and he's made a
girl
better
until they eat sneaker it turns him
macho then of course then let's see
listen to me here things change
here things change now it's because here of
course like if they have those
antecedents if we can think that the
ad goes with that intention of
course here things change
I just deconstructed myself a lot I just built myself
from building
a lot of course of course
I have understood the ad like
wise understood the ad like like
but you have to know the background I do
n't know really it has happened to us like me like
not knowing the background I had
the ad says it takes the streets for a
while character
hey but not seriously I mean listen to me
no no no stop being progressive from calling me
but [ __ ] things as they are I
just deconstructed myself a lot what
is sexist sexist
is already designed take you are like a  baby
but tomato you eat our ice cream you
eat the little chocolate and you become a man
literally the function to that kid there is
nothing wrong or serious
and that ad was old yes yes I know that
the ad was old because the first thing I
did was look at the date okay it
's from 2011 around this time we all
found these kinds of things funny but
of course if they have these antecedents
if they have these antecedents
the ad that they made I mean if
the script is the same
look at mister bean's let's see it would be
sneakers
the script is the same I won't stop there
[Music]
and
nevertheless they arrive it is constant
and I'm going to see where
the shots go the
full engine and the others know martial arts
diet not even an eye sounds like angels lakers and
a warrior no
and also
prayer would hurt anyone here the only thing it's
telling you is that you're clumsy or whatever
no but but but but of course but of course but of course but of
course let's
see
don't turn the tortilla over don't
justify things
in white and sexist sexist listen to me
a sparkling water the time with a
slice of lemon and a moderate success with
vitamins a b and c in your arms kisses uat
and caresses around the world go on take 12
miguel better better
I just realized something else
guys
I just realized one thing doesn't get
better and look listen to me kisses uat
wrong this would be a sparkling water the
time with rice
for the lemon and an extra voucher this one with the
sexy glasses orange juice with vitamins
with alice and low
b and c hugs kisses uat and caresses
around the world and a take 12 miguel
better better
and he becomes a man you take off what
is clear you take out the threads and he goes down
the low is removed
no it's not that twisted at all watching
the other ads no let's see watch the
ad now I'm going to explain or I'm going to
explain it or I'm going to apply it
the ad of the girl not doing a
scooter the ad has basically been
the script of the ads it is always the
same it's that you have a problem you
take that but it can be different that
This one is weak, he's in a bad mood, whatever you
're hungry, whatever you want, but you
have a problem and they give you ice cream and your problem goes
away, what would be the problem here? What
comes out and goes down
completely, man, yes, I see it, yes, I
see it clearly, it
's not you when you're hungry
it's as if being this is a problem
keep talking clearly, his pen goes away, that's what
they're implying, let's
see what I have, I have to say that of
course it's like that because we know why you
sent me the background but
really if you see the
first announcement it doesn't fall but of course I imagine
that people already know the background,
of course
Javi, they take away the funny part but it's not that the
funny thing, let's see, it's not that it's
true, it's true, you're right
on this occasion,
the married progressives,
if they have it, they have it, kids who are
radical in you,
if they have it, they have it, obviously yes, yes,
yes, it's totally derogatory of the
cash announcement, I see it as derogatory, I see it as derogatory, I see it as derogatory, I
swear, come on, I
'm sincere, I say things clearly, he
always supports me and I get out of
what you tell me  whatever well
a god somersaults to justify the
commercial no more thank you very much
I could justify the commercial if I don't
see the background
but realize that then the
scripts of a lifetime from what I'm
seeing the scripts are always the same
the author is that you have a
problem you eat in the air
the problem goes away it
was a the problem has said that you are a
girl that you are a threat basically you
eat the ice cream you become a
man that you can now skate in
conditions no and here the literal pen let's
see I have too many lead words
phobia for example
one more word of all the dictionary
that they have but they are right they are
right it seems good to me it seems
good to me that they remove the ad if it works
better now with all the information it
seems good to me that they remove the ad yes
chocolates responded quickly to the
wave of criticism has apologized and will
withdraw the ad from the
nickel brand we take the rights of
equality and inclusion very seriously
[ __ ] grants [ __ ] according to the
rights of equality and inclusion very
seriously and we believe that any person
has the right to show themselves as they are that is
why from Mikel we want to
apologize for the  misunderstanding that
our new advertising campaign may have caused
at no time has it been
intended to stigmatize or offend
any person or group look you
what I have told you put yourselves in the shoes of
publicis tekniker do not you think that they
have the idea of saying eat you with the
ay you take away the pen that brute man how
brutal how
brutal let's see I tell you one thing to
those who are calling me
offended today I go through the forum of the
balls everything you tell me because I
always think what I believe is
coherence and that's
enough but the fact that this issue this issue
aside from my point of view is the same as
when someone calls mari
and enjoy and by the physique from my
point of view
when these things happen you should not
offend the group that it is or the
offended he knows what I am telling you the one who
looks bad on the brand in this case or the one
who throws the insult because it
is only like that very brutal but how brutal they
think that what you do they
have it but it does not matter a bit I see
here going down laughing at himself  we are all
visible
I am visible we all are they may be
right but I don't care if
our stereotypes aren't
laughable we'd run out of humor
but that justification is late
jokes like the one who arrives
last you see
the justification that alinghi comes down
laughs at him one thing is that the
justification would be that he himself
is laughing that it is ridiculous the
tutorials that makes a
ridiculous character what is a character that is
embarrassing to others is not and that takes the one you
love me and is no longer embarrassing the
character of liva is
what they call pluma exaggeratedly does not
check the sneaker ads always
put an exaggerated character
representing hunger and then the normal person comes out
but like a normal person
alec and you go down a normal and ordinary person
with people or that I don't know what you
want but no no no no no it is
offensive period guys I did not
turn it around I did not turn it around damn it is offensive it does
not make sense the ad has no other
meaning it has no other
logic the ad has no other meaning
and another logic the
ad do not look for logic that I am
watching  people who put the shirt on
the glasses to another tour all for ass
has no other logic the announcement of the announcement
is discriminatory is done
I hope to eat a sneaker and
become Brad Pitt
would be would be clear time
and then she that your problem of being
ugly
and the problem is that we are pointing to
a thing that being a woman would be a
problem according to the announcement of 2011 and here to
have pen
sources of the brand we regret any
harm in guarid and in order to avoid
spreading a message that could be magma
defend any individual or group but they
tried to convey in a
friendly and relaxed way that hunger can
change your character also that hunger
makes you with pen
[Music]
gay jokes humor n is
good for the sit post and it can be
funny but as a public announcement it should be
deleted since it was humor n
although it was not with that intention
with the times that run the
advertisers have not been very fine
unless they wanted to promote themselves
through controversy
thanks dust thanks also rugby with
young kids
and what happened basically was the
same  after the lady was
clearly unable to play rugby
among young people a girl appeared who was
given sneakers and basically the old woman
became a young and
athletic boy the slogan of the campaign was you
are not you when you're hungry and after this
initial success that this campaign had it
is not comparable it is not comparable it
is comparable in my opinion
but whoever wants to be offended I am fat
and I love fat jokes it
is exactly what I just said that it
seems to me that this campaign leaves them in a
bad light you
understand me it
also leaves them in a bad light brutes with
ads it is not the same as you
feeling like an old woman sale that you are
playing you feel like an old woman you do not
have you are like a shareholder like an
old woman you cannot take that of that you already feel yourself but it is the same it is not the same when you are hungry you feel like an old man without strength to whom you sit with a pen damn that does not seem to me gymnastics in particular the
formula would have been repeated with other celebrities and other
famous public figures such as for
example my finish the role of a
shinobi samurai
you see I
was
calm
I am  characterizing his role as a
bully in movies like casino or goodfellas
[Music]
and the same thing, you don't
have to be sherlock holmes okay
now if it seems okay to you let's
watch the controversial spot starring
alex giba with vitamins amarra the
only spot that has been made in question
I can understand that someone
could wrongly interpret this
ad as keith alexander thank you very much because
if you eat the sneakers chocolate bars
your butt will lose its temper and
homosexuality I can come to believe
this confusion in a
hypersensitive environment however I
find it completely incredible that
once known you are not ros you do not defend
a slip with humor or if you get
offended you are progressive what stop 'they are not
being as radical as
them the whole context of the campaign
people continue to understand the message of
sneakers was something like eating
chocolate bars takes away your butt it makes no
sense however it makes perfect sense I mean it really makes perfect
sense really the ad makes perfect
sense in that thousands and thousands and thousands
anna thank you very much and thousands of people
on twitter  they would have pointed out this announcement
as something totally homophobic and homophobic
and in addition this would have been a trending topic
for several days with messages
like it seems that eating sneakers makes
you feel better but
as long as there are still campaigns like this even
as phobia and Mario Montes not happy
with not having investigated what
this campaign consisted of and having
decontextualized the announcement in
question continues the
advertising agency that has made the campaign is
bbb or counterpoint I hope that
sneaker mars spain are receiving
these comments and they apologize
hashtag boycott sneakers apparently if
you have the slightest sensitivity with the
lgbt community now you have to
boycott the chocolate brand and
then it is collectively put I understand
a medal because this had
transcended to the media
some media begin to echo
little it seems to me that the
subject is being talked about thanks David Moreno for publishing
the hashtag boycott sneakers and in effect
the pointing out that the entire mob has
made on twitter about the
advertising campaign would have made this
transcend and permeate the
media that would have written
articles of the type
20minutos sneaker withdraws the controversial
chocolate bar ad after the wave
of criticism that considered it homophobic
or published a snicker's ad sparks
controversy for making a homophobic spot and
the company was forced to withdraw there are no there
are no moderators on youtube ok there are
no moderators
and they come
and go we
have to feed the char lyrics audio
ivan [ __ ] i
'm going to fire you like like paula
carlo or el diario criticism for homophobia
and pluma phobia in a
sneaker chocolate bar ad or la vanguardia
sneaker withdraws the controversial
alex and baja ad and regrets the misunderstanding or
la voz de cdiz sneaker sparks
controversy with the new 2021 ad
starring alex and baja who is
spending a few days in cdiz laser
criticism and outrage at the
snicker's ad for homophobia and pluma
controversial ad after the wave of
criticism i understand to a certain extent
the newsworthy aspect of the campaign and
why the media is made
echo of this what surprises me is
that no journalist no one within
these media outlets has
minimally investigated what the
context of the campaign was and if in fact the
interpretation that the sneakers chocolates
cure penile and homosexuality was
the correct interpretation of the announcement in
question taking into account that this
layer
marketing campaign is one of the
oldest and most successful campaigns in
the history of advertising and it is that
all the media and all
the news that have echoed
this seem to be indirectly not
implicitly positioning themselves with
the mob that is pointing out the
snicker's advertisement as fire down and
homophobic something that does not make any [ __ ]
sense at all while all the so much
on twitter the thug aspect and the one
towards the company and those who would have
devised such a tremendous advertising campaign
continued that I took advantage would evacuate Mario
Monte continued saying the agency baby of
counterpoint seems to have realized
the controversy has deleted the tweet and
its wall and its post on instagram where
they talked about the announcement but no
apologies wow hashtag boycott
sneakers we have achieved it a
totally nice bland summer ad
that wasn't looking to hurt anyone has
been withdrawn by I Am Sneakers and they
bought advertising space in
each of those media you'll see how they don't
reject the money even if they act so
dignified
if they do reject it it seems unbelievable that I do
n't already know how this thing about
overturns and things works but apart from the fact that
we really are stubborn many times and all to
contradict people that we
usually are against in fact it's not about
I am this side and these people are
from the other side and whenever we have to
contradict each
other if on this occasion they are right
to me it makes all the
sense in the world
to me it makes all the sense in the world
look I don't know if it's a survey here on
tweets and you can put a survey if you
both want because on tweets there are
very few people but for missions they
take it with the condom on their face well he
is a very handsome guy without a
condom very handsome seriously literally
I do see the sense in it and yes I see that the
ad seems to say that our
tantrum but nevertheless  The company
still hasn't apologized, the company
still hasn't bowed down to us and
asked for mercy for such a
homophobic attack and put fire on the
LGBT community. Well, finally Sneakers
would have given its arm, yes, but let's
see, look,
when the
live stream started, I said, sure, that's half the
pressure and the company ended up
giving in. You know that I've
criticized many times when
cancellations are made for nonsense, progress for
nonsense that makes no sense, but the thing is that no matter how you
look at the announcement,
sneakers should have already
changed that storytelling, which had already
caused controversy in Latin America with the
dean there
and in 2011,
what is the script, what is the meaning, what is the meaning, yes, the
meaning, there are
no people who eat the elai, he takes your
pen away, what is the meaning? But if I'm not
saying that they're not right, it's just that I don't think it has
much further to go, there
's no bad intention,
man, let's see, there's no bad
intention, we don't know, that's what I'm
telling you. Yes, I do watch the
announcement without knowing the brand and the rest
of the announcements, I say, [ __ ] it, they've done
gymnastics here.  to make sense of it
that they are offending him but already
knowing the rest of the ads and what
each ad means
that at first I saw how they
take two tomatoes it's sad that there is the
[ __ ] mouth are battles of people of
tomato this eats it and leaves me alone
but then it hits me that
eating iced tea is supposed to take away the
problem that is causing you hunger
and also that it becomes a man do
you understand
then as I
looked obviously by the example the argument
plus that was an exchange between
characters of the same actor thanks
Monica I'm going to give you the perfect example
those who argue that here is the
video and what he argues and the fact
that they are not messing with her with the
pen that he has
but that he is laughing at himself for
the character that the ridiculous or whatever
when he has become a man because he has
not become a man should
say because he has not become as we
know I understand I understand
the message wrong I
tell you with all sincerity the
heart I
[Music]
the message the script of the ad I can't
find the way nor am I going to do
mental gymnastics to find it  the
way because things are the way they are you
don't have to do mental gymnastics
to find the opposite meaning
for me the announcement is that the problem with
the law the law goes down that the entrance
pen
and it takes it away the meaning is that it
takes away your hunger and your bad mood but
where was the bad mood with the law and it
goes down
is that no that no that you are looking for
things that no that maybe he did
n't have the bad
intention well okay maybe because I know
very crude I understand it as that you
are not yourself and they only use
famous characters to parody he has one of the
singer puma and that one doesn't offend anyone he is the one
who makes my image plot is that the
personality of having brought people who
are older and understand humor another
thing is that it is propaganda that
pubescent kids who learn it can see to
bully part of the bullying that I
received for being effeminate they used
comparing me with characters on television you
don't have to use expected characters
but Cuba already has a feather or it
is simply corny childish and intense and having
feathers is not that go for it turn it around that you
really want to
give it the justification that you want and
well okay
the character of  Allegri goes down because he is
characterized
and who do I see as indefensible really I
am seeing that you are going around in
circles trying to do the same
mental gymnastics that you are trying to do
when it is nonsense and you try to see
the bad in it you are doing the
same thing now the opposite to justify it
I do not see it justifiable what is the
main characteristic of the law and he goes
down
because he is a character what is it that
characterizes him as a character
the pen the way of speaking
that there are with more or less one that was
commercial is that the meaning is
understood at first not to do
some gymnastics and find the meaning
that it is not the same to take Mister Bean
than to take the luggage man it
is that you are helping to understand
that the justification would be that well they have
taken a character just like they take
other characters and they have taken a
character and well with banks of a
character it is not that I have any
problem for being the lady goes down because she is a
pen and because she speaks like that why and
why do you say man of boli kisses and I do not know
what but it is that that is the character
that has touched
in the change of mood of course let's
see  imagine that he takes
the example imagined imagine that they
take
to see a character
a character who is black okay put me on
TSC whoever comes up with that is not
the same person that is black
and poor
descends a character who is black and
poor
from some movie
a very famous character who is black and
poor
some movie by dine or something like that that
I had a movie that is had a
movie that is good for a
character in the movie who is black and
progressive and poor
but jibaja he has no feathers what he has
is a childish attitude that is not feathers it will
not be that they have extended the
meaning of having feathers because
infantilism is not associated with feathers
but rather a spicy humor that he does not
have because of how bad I have lowered I only
needed to hear or am I
that on the low side he does not have feathers man
what the [ __ ]
but well imagine a black
and poor character aladi very well they imagined the
diva
no no
but blacker
okay and now take the prince of egypt there is no
character but well a
character in black and poor and very poor and he
tells you go and the character says I'm
fed up with  working my back hurts and on
top of that I don't even have money for a
chopin sandwich I don't know what and now he goes and drinks he
eats a sneaker in fact they eat
sneakers and a white guy comes out and wearing a
dress from the car would you find it
offensive
h it has nothing to do with it why would it be
another it would be back for you nothing will
appear racist the seal of yes that no
eating my balls is that then you
are not being reasonable you will see in
my opinion it is my opinion my opinion is
that you have to be reasonable at all
times with each thing it would seem
racist and classist to me obviously the
commercial is not going to give up or not the
balls
to the balls
there is a
good kid at the end of the deal
in the cancellable advertisement on this occasion
yes I feel it
[Music]